Let us see how you download Dev C++.
So for Dev C++ you can in Chrome or in any browser you can see download Dev C++ and get many links and
one of the link is for from bloodshed and dot net which you can go to bloodshed darknet and from here
you can download Dev C++ Dev C++ that is beta version 5.0 is available here it is vitamin GW that is
with compiler or just without compiler that is executable only and so scored is also available so you
can download any one of these of your choice.
So if you install vitamin GW then you can immediately start using Dave C++.
Otherwise you have to install compiler separately that is minimal G and your compiler for windows you
have to download it separately so click on this one and start downloading it will start downloading.
Yeah once it has finished downloading you can install Dev C++ software and you can directly use it.
After downloading install Dev C++
it has finished installation.
If I show you the folder where Dev C++ is installed this isn't C and program files and here is Dev CPB
so you can see that it is also installed Min GW that is General compiler for Windows.
This is a minimal compiler for Windows at a start date.
C++ so English language is selected the next then okay for developing data structure programs.
We may be using C language as well as some programs.
I'll be showing you using C++ so for opening a new project using C language select file option and see
a new and select project
and here we have to select a console application and you can see the language options are given.
That is a language option for C language as well as C++ so whichever language you are using you can
select that language so first of all I'll show you how to create a C language project then also I will
also show you how to create a C++ project in C language project.
I'll give the project name as my first see as the project name.
Okay
a loss for the location or the folder in which you want to create this project so you can select some
folder.
Now the readily available code is given so a required code the minimal code is given.
And here in the project you can see that this is mean Ghazi fine.
This is the contents of main Nazi file.
Already a CDI ordered edge and a lib outage header files are already included in the main function results.
Also there.
So here I will write a message that is print.
Hello world.
Let us see how to run the program.
So go to execute option and save what's to come by.
Yeah.
This compiler then you can go to execute option and you can also press f 10 for running the program
so run the program.
Yeah.
Here is the console window where you can see your hello world message is displayed.
C++ also prompt a console window showing you the output.
If there are any errors then that will appear in the log so you can remove the errors by checking the
log messages.
She removed the semicolon for print f and I will compile and show you.
Let us see what happens here.
Here is an error message who is showing the error message in the log window ie checking the error messages.
You can remove that.
So here the message is that X burglar semicolon before it done so yes before written there should be
semicolon.
No it will work perfectly.
So that's it.
We have already seen how to run it now.
Next I'll be showing you a project in C++ the steps are seem just we have to select a language that
is C++ C a new project and select some application.
Let the project name as my first
and it should be created in documents.
Now the project is ready.
This is meant CPB file inside the project.
So here I'll just give a message Hello World and and then they should use namespace for C out as allies
and then let us build a project and execute.
Hello world is up here.
So that's all this all you can open a new project for every program or application you can start a new
project or else for practicing in the same project.
You can go on writing new code there and you can recompile and run it.